Raziel!
Fin Raziel!
I have to talk to you. please!
Raziel!
She's not here.
- Aah!
Get back! Who are you?
Who are you?
- I'm Willow Ufgood.
- What are you doing here?
I've come to find the great
sorceress. Fin Raziel.
That's me!
I'm Raziel!
This can't be right!
One of Bavmorda's spells
transformed me.
Believe me. it could
have been worse!
Oh. Well. this wand is for you.
It's from Cherlindrea.
Then the prophecy is true.
The princess has been born.
Take me to her.
It is Blora Danan.
Isn't she beautiful?
- That's Raziel?
- I don't know. I-
I expected something
more grand. Less. uh-
- Fuzzy.
- Fuzzy!
You must use the wand.
Turn me back into my human form.
- What do I do?
- You mean you're not a sorcerer?
Yes. Sort a.
-I'm a farmer.
But I do know a few tricks.
Tricks? Cherlindrea sent you?
You must learn real magic.
- Horses! Horses!
Quick! Take her!
Hurry! Hurry!
I knew he was a traitor!
- Sorry about this. peck.
- Keep your mouth shut!
Told you we'd find him
without your help.
- Give me that baby.
- No!
- Give her back!
- Leave me alone! Don't touch me!
This is the one
we're looking for.
- We must take it back to Nockmaar.
Lose your skirt?
I've still got what counts.
Not for long.
- Bring him.
- Over here!
We'll never keep up
with those horses.
Then we will
have to track them.
That would take forever.
Besides. even if we find them.
they'll catch us.
stick us in cages. torture us
and finally devour us.
Are you suggesting
we go home?
- Nah. This is more fun!
- All right.
Fine. then.
Come on!
I'm worried about Blora.
She doesn't sound good.
Hurry! Practice
the chant I taught you!
- Tanna... looatha- Oh. I can't
remember the middle part.
Locktwaar!
That's the word
that pleads for change.
Locktwaar.
Blora's cold and hungry.
She knows me.
Please. let me
take care of her.
I don't need help
from a peck.
- What are you staring at?
- Your leg.
I'd like to break it.
You may find that difficult while
I'm up here and you're down there.
I hate that woman.
Hyah!
- I found it. Kael.
That should make
my mother happy.
What are they gonna do to her?
Hither walha...
bairn derubordak...
- bellanockt.
That's magic?
Smells terrible.
- It's the life spark. It forms after-
- Well. it stinks!
- This whole thing stinks!
- Ignore him. Willow.
- He's a fool!
- If only I had a sword!
- If only you'd quit talking about it.
Willow. you must transform me
to my human self.
But. Raziel.
I'm not ready yet.
You'd better be.
Get me down.
Ow!
Why don't you help me get out of here
instead of chattering with that muskrat?
Muskrat!
When I change back...
to my former self.
I will crush this army.
and take Blora Danan
to Tir Asleen...
where she will be safe.
- Ow!
What'd you bite me for?
You need three drops
of your blood to put in the potion.
- Well. you coulda warned me.
For beginners.
there's some pain.
but don't let anything
break your concentration.
Hit her green anbairn
claideblunanockt.
- Hello. everybody! We have arrived!
- You are saved.
- Shh!
- Don't interrupt.
Hit her green anbairn
claideblunanockt.
What are you going
to look like if this works?
- Don't interrupt.
- Sorry.
Hit her green anbairn
claideblunanockt.
I am a young.
beautiful woman.
Concentrate. Willow.
Hit her green anbairn
claideblunanockt.
Hither greenan bairn
claideb lunanockt.
No!
You're losing me!
-Hit her green anbairn claideblunanockt.
Hit her green anbairn
claideb-
- Aah! Aah!
- You all right? Nice try. Willow.
Farmers!
Cherlindrea sends me farmers!
Whew! The Nelwyn
really butchered that one.
- I'm sorry. Raziel.
- You want out?
Basy. We can pick a lock.
Come on.
No. No. no.
Like this!
I know what I'm doing.
It's my spear. Leave it alone.
Let me do it.
Out of the way. rodents.
Take your hand off that.
You leave that alone.
you stupid. fat Daikini!
Ow!
Dust of broken hearts.
Ha. ha!
You are free!
Come on. Madmartigan.
Let's get Blora Danan out of here.
- Yeah. It'll be fun.
- Come on!
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
I feel... good.
- The dust of broken hearts.
- Ah-
Hey. come on!
- Let me see!
- Let me see. You always see.
There's Blora. right there.
on those furs.
Hey. wait! Leave this to us.
- It's too dangerous for you.
- Only one of us should go in there.
I've got experience in this
sort of thing. I know what I'm doing.
Uh-oh.
Wait. Shh. No! No! Madm-
- I love you.
- Madmartigan!
- What are you doing?
- Take the baby and go! Come on!
Come on!
- Oh. Sorsha.
- Oh!
Wake from
this hateful sleep.
It deprives me
of your beauty.
- The beauty of your eyes-
- One move. jackass.
and you really
will be a woman.
You are my sun!
My moon!
My starlit sky.
Without you. I dwell in darkness.
- I love you.
- What are you doing here?
Your power has enchanted me.
I stand helpless against it.
Come to me. now.
Tonight. let me
worship you in my arms.
- Get away from me!
- I love you!
Stop saying that!
How can I stop the beating of
my heart? It pounds like never before.
- Out of fear.
- Out of love!
I can stop it.
I'll kill you.
Death. next to love.
is a trivial thing.
Your touch is worth
100.000 deaths.
- What goes on here?
Deceiver!
Stop him!
Captain. getup!
- You are great.
Get on that shield!
Sorsha!
After them!
- Whoa! Hey!
They're getting away!
-Follow me. Rool. I don't know.
- Where are you?
- Aah! Ooh.
- Oh. no. where did everybody go?
Maybe it was
something we said.
Ohh-h-h-h!
Madmartigan!
- Madmartigan!
- What the hell happened up there?
You started spouting poetry.
- Poetry?
- Yeah.
"I love you. Sorsha.
I worship you. Sorsha."
You almost got us killed!
"I love you. Sorsha"?
I don't love her.
She kicked me in the face.
I hate her! Don't I?
Kael! Kael!
Nockmaar soldiers!
Hoy! Get the children! Come on!
- Get the children!
- They're after us! We need to hide.
Come on. Follow me. Quick!
Come on! Move!
I knew you'd
get out of that rattrap.
You left me to die. Airk.
I probably saved your life.
We were slaughtered
and I lost a lot of good-
- Shh! Quiet!
Tear this village apart!
Look everywhere!
Find the child!
- Shh!
Shh-shh-shh!
Tell Sorsha
I search the north bank!
- Hah! Hah!
- Yes. General.
- Quiet. Shh!
- Sorsha!
- Back.
Back!
- Keep the baby quiet.
- She needs to be changed.
- Nockmaar scum!
- You'll never defeat us.
- Give up the baby!
- Shut up!
What does Bavmorda want
with this baby. anyway?
She's a princess.
- We're taking her to Tir Asleen.
- Tir Asleen?
Even if you could
find it. peck.
she's right-you'd never
get past the Nockmaar army.
There's an even bigger
army at Tir Asleen.
- If we can just get there-
I've lost more than half
my men fighting Bavmorda.
Now you and this peck
are gonna take her on?
You always told me you served
no one. Madmartigan.
Since when are
you a crusader?
He's not gonna help you. peck.
He's a worthless thief.
I'm not a thief. Airk.
He's not a thief.
Are you?
I serve the Nelwyn. Airk.
- Want to come with us?
- You'll never make it. Madmartigan.
Then once again
we say good-bye.
- Over here!
- Sorsha!
Weapons down or she's dead!
Hyah! Hyah!
- Hyah!
- Get to your horses! After 'em!
This way!
As the crow flies. you fools!
- You're holding me too tight!
- I don't want you to get away.
Why? Because I'm your sun.
your moon. your starlit sky?
Get your hair out of my face.
or I'll chop it off.
Did I really- Did I really
say those things last night?
- In your tent?
- You said you loved me.
- I don't remember that.
- You lied to me!
No. I-
I just wasn't myself
last night.
I suppose my power enchanted you.
and you were helpless against it.
- Um. sort of.
- Then what?
It went away.
It went away?
"I dwell in darkness without you."
- and it went away?
- Yeah.
- Whoa.
Hurry! Kael's coming!
Madmartigan. come on!
Now!
They're coming! Away!
Go on! Hyah!
Whoa! Whoa!
This way!
Tir Asleen! At last. Tir Asleen!
Hello?
- Hello?
Why did I listen to you. peck?
"Everything will be all right
once we get to Tir Asleen."
The only army around here...
is the one that's about to ride
across this valley and wipe us out!
But Cherlindrea
said we'd be safe here.
Safe?
Look at these people.
This place is cursed. peck.
It's falling apart. Open your eyes!
- And it-
Trolls.
I hate trolls.
This is the work
of Bavmorda.
Willow? The wand.
- Turn me back into my human form.
- Are you sure?
Yeah.
Good.
Hurry. Willow.
Transform me.
I can't do it.
I'm just not a sorcerer.
But you can be.
Speak...
and be one
with the words.
Avalorium. greenan.
luatha. tye-
- Oh. Willow. you're losing me.
Madmartigan.
Kael's coming!
Willow. you idiot.
- Raziel?
- Willow.
arm that catapult up there.
- Whoa! Whoa!
- Good work. Madmartigan.
- What the hell happened to you?
Assault!
Sorsha. battering ram!
Cut it down!
Faster!
Forward! Break it down!
Again! Again!
Willow. use the wand
on that troll.
- Bellalockt!
- Bwww!
Break it down! Forward!
- Whoa! Whoa!
Get him!
The other side!
Destroy the beast!
Find the baby!
Baaa!
Take tha-a-a-at!
Willow!
Madmartigan. help!
- Get him. Madmartigan!
Here.
The baby!
Airk's army.
Get Kael!
Airk's army!
- We are here!
- You are rescued!
- Charge!
No mercy!
Blora!
Willow!
- Blora's gone.
- Willow.
They've taken her.
There were too many of them.
- Willow.
Can you ride?
Let's ride.
I have the child!
We need towers
and a battering ram!
Break out the tents!
Make camp!
We'll assault at first light.
Where's Sorsha?
She has turned against us.
Your Highness.
Turned against me?
Prepare for the ritual!
This is not an army.
Willow.
quick. hide.
Use the shelter chant.
Protect yourself.
- Why?
-Just do it.
- We've come for Blora Danan.
- You dare to challenge me?
You're not warriors.
You're pigs!
- Toa thonna mondarr!
Nocklith! vohkbar!
- You're all pigs!
- Pigs!
Avaggdu luathabairn
offhaefermore.
Sorsha!
Mother. no!
Kothon!
Avaggdu luathabairn
offhaefermore.
Begin the ritual.
This baby will not
destroy me.
Come. thunder!
Come. lightning!
Touch this altar
with your powers.
Aah!
We've come all this way
and now Blora Danan's gonna die!
No. We can still
defeat Bavmorda.
She's too powerful. Raziel.
Transform me
and I will destroy her.
Elements of eternity.
above and below.
Balance of essence.
fire beget snow.
-Locktwarr danalora luatha danu...
- Willow.
-believe in the words.
-tuatha. tuatha. chnox danu.
- Concentrate. - Locktwarr danalora...
- luatha danu tuatha. tuatha.
- Oh. no!
- Locktwarr danalora.
Locktwarr danalora
luatha danu...
- tuatha. tuatha. chnox danu.
- Don't give up...
Willow!
- Locktwarr danalora luatha danu...
- Oh. Willow!
-tuatha. tuatha. chnox danu.
Locktwarr danalora
luatha danu tuath-
tuatha chnox... danu.
Raziel.
- Has it been so long?
- I'm sorry.
Willow.
we have work to do.
Give me the wand.
We must undo
Bavmorda's sorcery.
Let them in now.
Tuathagrin chnox.
yfoelfamau.
Black fires
forever kindled within.
- let the second rite begin.
Quick. inside.
That won't reach the wall.
We can't get inside.
-Elora Danan will die.
-Unless we save her.
- Bavmorda's too powerful.
-No!
She cannot transform you again.
My spell is protecting this camp.
But can your magic
get us inside the fortress?
We can't do it.
Wait. Back home in my village.
we have a lot of gophers.
- Willow. this is war. not agriculture...
- I know. I know.
But I've an idea
how to get inside the castle.
- Ocht veth bordak stira.
Ocht vethbordakstira.
-Ocht vethbordakstira.
Ocht veth bordak stira.
Come on. Madmartigan.
you and I are soldiers.
You and I know the peck's plan
will never work.
If the baby dies. all hope
for the future is lost.
I'm going to fight.
Me too.
All right. we've got to decide
who's gonna go and who's gonna stay.
Raziel.
Willow. all these years...
I have waited
to face Bavmorda.
It is you that
has made this possible.
Whatever happens.
I shall always admire you.
Your children...
will come to remember this day.
We call upon you
to surrender!
We are all-powerful sorcerers.
Give us the baby...
or we'll destroy you!
Kill them!
Patience. Willow.
Courage. Willow.
- Whoa!
- Back to the castle!
Ocht veth nockthirth bordak!
- Exile the child to the 13th night.
- This way!
Nockthirth plankton firth...
foreth forewar...
- Ocht veth nock!
It's all right. Willow.
You don't have to go.
Light the 13th candle!
Raziel.
Mother!
I-
Traitor child.
I must despise you now.
- I won't let you kill that child.
-Away!
Avaggdu...
strokt!
Your powers have
gained in strength. Raziel.
I have Cherlindrea's wand.
Bavmorda.
Blora Danan
will be queen.
- Now you die!
Furrochk flarem!
Claideb cla-
Claimain!
Lunano ockht!
Bachktuinno!
- Wanu!
- Yikes! Ohh!
- Airk!
Airk.
Win this war for me.
Die!
Huh?
Beah!
- Bring back that child. peck.
- Who are you?
I'm Willow Ufgood.
I'm a great sorcerer.
- Greater than Raziel.
- Greater than you even.
I'm the greatest sorcerer!
Is that the extent
of your powers. little one?
Now you will watch me
draw upon the power...
of the universe. to send
that child into the netherworld.
Now place it on the altar!
No!
No?
You stupid hag!
With my magic.
I'll send her into the-
Into a-
You're no sorcerer.
- Where evil cannot touch her.
-Impossible!
- There's no such place!
- Helgafelswathbenhelgafel.
You're a fool! I shall destroy you
and the child with you.
- You're a fool! Nockmaar-
-Bairn offdanufamoww.
Good-bye. Blora.
Bohibakstiy.
- Helgafel!
Im... possible!
You-
Willow.
where's the baby?
It was just my old
disappearing pig trick.
Oh. well done!
Oh.
Willow Ufgood.
receive this book of magic.
You are on your way
to becoming a great sorcerer.
- Willow the Sorcerer!
- You make us proud!
- Good-bye. Blora Danan.
Hey.
Good-bye. Willow!
- Farewell!
- Bh?
- Willow! Willow!
- Hello. Regan. Hello.
Willow's back!
Willow!
Willow! Willow Ufgood!
- Willow!
- Hey. Meegosh!
It's a bird! Hemadeabird!
Aaaaaagh!
Kiaya!
- Willow?
- Kiaya.
Willow! Willow!
Kiaya!
- Dada! Dada!
- Dada. I missed you!
Oh. I missed you.